Multipack module

Copyright (c) 1999, Travis Oliphant
Permission is granted to distribute and copy this package under the terms 
of the LGPL.

This is an interface file to MINPACK, ODEPACK, QUADPACK, FITPACK other isolated 
routines that seem to be generally useful.

Installation:

Modify the Makefile if necessary.  Only modify appropriate routines. Run make.

If you already have the FORTRAN libraries installed you shouldn't compile
them again.  Just link against them.  You can override Multipack provided 
libraries in the Makefile.

You need a FORTRAN compiler to compile the PACK libraries.  I needed to 
link the final shared object with FORTRAN on my Linux RedHat 6.0 i586 system
to resolve references.

Other platforms may differ.  Note especially that the PACK libraries have some
machine specific functions:  look at files in the mach directory

If you know that your platform calls FORTRAN code without the underscore
than in the flags to the C compiler set -DNO_APPEND_FORTRAN

It may be possible to use f2c and a C compiler and then link with the f2c
libraries.   NumPy provides f2c_lite.c that could likely be used.   

This provides various function solvers to Python.
Documentation is in the doc subdirectory.  There is also a lot of 
documentation in the library subdirectories.

Look at tst.py for an example of use.  Docstrings are also included in source.
Look in the doc directory for more information.

CHANGLEOG
===============
0.3         hybrd (solution of N-nonlinear equations in N-variables)
            lmdif (leastsquare solution of M-nonlinear equations in N-variables)
0.5         Added lsoda 
                   dqag
0.6         Changed name of all functions to _FORTRANNAME except intode which
	      has a different name since it calls LSODA multiple times.
            Added commented-out method-table entries for all functions
	      intended for version 1.0
            Added Multipack.py wrapper and called C code Cmultipackmodule.c
0.61         Incorporated many suggestions form Pearu Peterson <pearu@ioc.ee>
              Thanks Pearu!! and some documentation he wrote.  
              - broke up source into multiple files
              - fixed handling of 1-D case and error reporting
              - derivates can be entered either across rows (default) or down
                columns.
              - fixed many bugs

0.70        Added fitpack (ddierckx), improved integrator, 
            added more documentation, changed structure of C-modules.


